What You'll Do

Create hypotheses, design experiments, and collect results for machine learning model improvement.
Design, build, and maintain machine learning models with an emphasis on LLMs, knowledge distillation, and scalability.
Collaborate to push the boundaries of machine learning creating Small Language Models and using knowledge distillation
Implement best practices and design to ensure high-quality software development including coding, code reviews, testing, and maintenance
Engage in continuous learning to keep abreast of the latest machine learning
Frameworks and methodologies for domain-specific applications.
Work closely with the founders and early customers to understand pain points and build solutions to support growth strategies
Conduct research and experimentation to explore new techniques, algorithms, and technologies that can drive innovation and competitive advantage.
Collect, clean, pre-process, and analyse large datasets to extract meaningful insights and features for model training and evaluation.
Document methodologies, processes, and findings. Communicate results and insights effectively to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate ML models into cloud-based infrastructure and full-stack development projects.
Preferred experience

Exceptional foundation and previous work experience with machine learning algorithms, frameworks, and libraries. With a particular focus on any of the following: ANNs, XGBoost, Large
Language Models and Natural Language Processing.
Computer science background in software development practices (git, peer review) and programming languages relevant to machine learning such as Python
An understanding of cloud infrastructure and full-stack development to support end-to-end machine learning model deployment.
Working with Google AI products such as VertexAI;
Bonus Experience

Proven track record of implementing ANNs and/or Large Language Models (LLMs) within enterprise environments
Experience working at deep tech companies involved in developing novel intellectual property (IP) and cutting-edge technologies.
Strong background in machine learning research, with a proven track record of publications and contributions to the field.
PhD in any AI discipline